Described the workflow for entity employees (#19)
whatwg/participant-data: README.md

# WHATWG Participant Data

This repository hosts the data submitted through the [WHATWG Participant Agreement](https://participate.whatwg.org/agreement).  When someone submits a pull request to a WHATWG repository, automated processes check the data here to determine whether the person submitting has made the required commitments under the [IPR Policy](https://whatwg.org/ipr-policy). 

## Maintenance

Whenever an individual or entitity signs the agreement, an entry is added to the respective JSON file with the `verified` field set to false. When they then make a contribution, the respective editor will [check everything is in order](https://github.com/whatwg/participate.whatwg.org#process-for-editors "Process for Editors") and set the `verified` field to true or escalate as appropriate. If they do not end up contributing their `verified` field likely is not changed.

> The automated proesses use the GitHub Organization identified in the "gitHubOrganization" field in the entity's entry in the entities.json file in this repository to determine whether to accept a pull request. People affiliated with entities that have signed the entity agreement should NOT sign the Participation agreement themselves. Instead, they should work with one of the contacts identified in that entry to get themselves added to the appropriate GitHub Organization, then make sure their entry is public so the automated processes can see it. Similarly, when a person is no longer affiliated with an entity, it is the responsibility of the identified contacts to ensure their entry is removed from the identified GitHub Organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The automated processes use the GitHub organization identified in the `"gitHubOrganization"` field in the entity's entry in the `entities.json` file in this repository to determine whether to accept a pull request. People affiliated with entities that have signed the entity agreement should _not_ sign the Participation Agreement themselves. Instead, they should work with one of the contacts identified in that entry to get themselves added to the appropriate GitHub organization, then [make sure their membership is public](https://help.github.com/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/publicizing-or-hiding-organization-membership) so the automated processes can see it. Similarly, when a person is no longer affiliated with an entity, it is the responsibility of the identified contacts to ensure their entry is removed from the identified GitHub organization.
```
